[cloud-provider-yandex](docs) Add to FAQ Adding CloudStatic nodes (#7015)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/030-cloud-provider-yandex/docs/FAQ.md

   ```shell
   kubectl edit mc cloud-provider-yandex
   ```

## Adding CloudStatic nodes to a cluster

> For the VMs, you want to add to a cluster as nodes, add in the metadata (Edit VM -> Metadata) key `node-network-cidr` with value equal to the cluster `nodeNetworkCIDR`.
> 
> You can find out `nodeNetworkCIDR` using the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For VMs that you want to add to the cluster as nodes, add the `node-network-cidr` key to the metadata (Edit VM -> Metadata) with a value equal to the cluster's `nodeNetworkCIDR`.

You can find out the `nodeNetworkCIDR` of the cluster using the command below:
```
